- Previously on Wynonna Earp...
- We're not savages.
A briefcase was stolen from a
field marshal in the triangle.
This is my one shot to get...
Waverly! No!
- I know what I saw.
- Yet Waverly still seems to be intact.
Shit! Don't, don't, don't!
- That weirdness in Waverly...
- All of the cutlery has gone missing.
This perfect pool of shiny goo...
- It was calling to me.
- What are we going to do with you, hmm?
Let me go! Help!
Get off of me!
What the hell? Is that blood?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Silence!
Under sentence by the Order.
In the shadow of eternal life,
the beast shall be slaughtered.
My others will make the rivers
run red with your pig's blood!
Nifty.
Brothers, our reward is near.
Only one remains
to be cleaved from this world.
Now.
Who wants nachos?
Good morning!
Ooh! Home fries,
bacon, and...
Mm! Fresh!
The piece de résistance.
Bloody Mary!
You could show the
teensiest bit of excitement.
- We're not really smoothie people.
- Oh!
Success!
Beautiful. Mm! Garnish.
Oh, you're not vegan,
are you?
Spoons! Uh, shiny things!
Metal! I... I was
collecting them for you.
Mm! I checked the barn
12 hours ago, and still
some work to be done.
Way to go, slacker.
Hey! I salted the rim!
I'm not a savage!
Wynonna, I know you're
in there. Come on!
- You can fight this thing!
- Ah, no.
You could fight me.
It was exhausting,
being inside of you, all that goodness.
You were in my brain.
I'll remember a weakness.
Fighting demons is what we do!
What do you think I'll do?
Any idea...
how many of your friends
will survive the day?
In fact...
you're annoying.
I think you'll go first.
No, no, no! Wynonna!
No! No, Wynonna, please!
Waves...
- Wynonna! Yeah! Yes!
- It hurts, but I'm trying!
- Come on! Come on! Please!
- I'm trying!
Ride's here.
This'll have to wait. Eat up!
Catch you on the flippity-flop!
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
Tell me the truth, Wynonna.
Is she red enough?
- Let's get going!
- What about your fairer half?
Oh, she's sick.
She's got a bout of influenza?
Any word on lily-livered Lucado?
I was gonna ask you the same
thing. Are you sure Waverly is...
- Whoa! Are those... pants?
- I sure hope so.
New... I meant, new pants.
It's not that I don't always
notice your tight little rump,
but today's junk in the trunk
is especially delightful.
Are you feeling all right?
It was a Bloody Mary morning
and a Tequila Sunrise sunset.
- So Waverly is, uh...
- A little tied up.
A lot hungover.
You don't wanna go in there. Trust me.
I always do.
Unique conditions that could
add up to a very rare
thunder-snow storm.
Surprised you haven't
inquired on the state
of our patient. Dolls is improving.
Right.
Hey! The top nine and nine
is coming up next!
Is that the ancient plate?
People seem intent on killing over this.
The sooner you identify it, the better.
OK! Ho ho ho!
OK...
Purgatory Fair, 1952.
- Was it a good one?
- I was at the bottom of a well.
Hard core.
Odd.
- You really are.
- No.
This paint isn't from 1952.
It doesn't taste like lead.
Then it is hiding something.
Oh! I can use my laser
optical coherence tomographer!
I can take
a photo of what's underneath the paint.
Or we could skip straight to the dying.
This is gonna be so cool! Waaaaaa.
OK, yeah! It's just as I thought.
There is an obscured etching here.
It feels like I've
seen this symbol before.
'Cause it's on the Purgatory
Volunteer Fire Hall,
Third and Main.
Lived here my whole life, remember?
How do you pull up the
weather on this thing?
Yeah. I'd like to take this
plate back to headquarters,
compare the etchings
with the BBD archives.
You know, the last gentleman
who transported this plate?
He ended up hacked to pieces by demons.
Yeah. Phot... photo's fine.
I think we should pay
this fire house a visit.
I'll read the report.
I've got plans. Hm.
Waverly nearly died to retrieve this.
Long as I'm back before dark. I mean,
to check on her. She's sick, right?
Hungover.
Pitter-patter! Can't let
the trail go cold.
Help!
Wha...?
I'm armed! And très pissed!
Oh, yay! Dolls!
- Oh my God, you're up and about!
- Yeah, that makes one of us.
- Where's your weapon?
- I was bluffing, silly!
Thank you! We need to find Wynonna.
Tell me why I shouldn't kill
you right here, right now.
For starters, I'm
tied to a chair. Again.
- I know what you are. Demon!
- Oh! You're an hour late
and an Earp short. It jumped
into Wynonna last night.
It's gonna hurt her and everyone else.
Where was the first place we met?
Outside Shorty's. Wynonna
put a knife to your throat.
- Favourite food? - Lasagna.
- Real favourite food!
Sweet and sour soup with
a dollop of peanut butter.
So you could just
be reading Waverly's
thoughts right now, right?
Because I know what
I saw... in the barn.
Oh my God.
I was there, wasn't I?
And...
you were bleeding and wounded...
and in pain.
And I didn't... I couldn't see you.
I couldn't help you...
with that thing inside me. Oh, my God!
Oh, Dolls, I'm so sorry.
You could... you could have died.
You know, I've seen a lot
of possessions in my life,
and never one that incited
so many apologies.
I'm me.
Yeah.
I know.
I know...
which means Wynonna is not.
- What's it gonna do?
- In Wynonna?
Whatever it wants.
You know the last major
storm we had in Purgatory,
the mayor's street was
plowed before the hospital.
Natural selection in action.
You OK there?
Underwire my ass! I swear
- this thing fit yesterday!
- Hey, did Waves, uh,
- pop in without me seeing her?
- She's home sick.
Really? 'Cause I spoke to her
last night and she sounded fine.
She's a good faker.
Or hadn't you noticed?
It's just, I left three
messages. Did she get them,
or?
Three unreturned messages?
Waverly needs
space.
She's dying under the weight of your...
expectations.
Waverly's not...
the white picket fence
in Purgatory girl
you want her to be anymore.
You know Wynonna, you're really
mean when you drink before noon.
And you drink before noon too often.
Hope your Tinder game's solid.
She didn't deserve that.
What,
the truth?
You spelled "possessed" wrong, stupid.
Ah! Son of a bitch!
Try that again...
and we'll bleed every last one of them
- slowly.
- You comin' or not?
Sure!
Let's go stir it up.
I could always feel it inside me.
Like, jockeying for position.
Yeah, like working at me.
You know, gnawing at me.
Like...
like a thousand tiny fingers, prying.
In Black Badge, we call them passengers.
When it took over, I...
I remembered nothing.
Except that suddenly one felt like many.
- Fractured.
- Yeah. Or multiplied.
- Becoming...
- Legion.
Yeah...
though it never did
anything as cool as breathe fire.
Yeah.
Yeah, the thing in me is...
not a passenger.
It's just me.
It jumped into Wynonna because
I wouldn't do what it wanted.
- Which was what?
- I don't know.
I was fighting too hard to ask.
For seven weeks?
We can't let it take Wynonna.
Nothing will stop us from trying.
OK?
Not even
you.
So the symbol on an ancient plate
coveted by both Black
Badge and the demon mob
matches that hanging
on the local fire hall.
Are we walking into a den of evil
or an innocuous small-town brigade?
You will find that the
Ghost River Triangle
never stops coughing up new secrets.
Besides, any Dicksons that get
the jump on us? We'll be ready.
A lot of places nearby.
Let's blow this off
and spend the day without clothing.
I asked the boss, and I'm sorry.
There's no refills on pancakes.
Well, tell your boss that's bullshit.
I can take that
- if you're all done with it.
- Let's get to the station.
Wee-oo! Wee-oo! Wee-oo!
She likes to look at the trucks.
Before I kill you, I'm
gonna need my briefcase.
You abandoned two Black Badge
agents during a sting op.
- I'm pretty sure you're fired.
- And I'm pretty sure
- you're dead.
- Guys!
You sent mercenaries to kill me!
You were a wanted fugitive!
- Oh, all right.
- Hee-yeah!
Ah!
Oh! Oh man!
Guys! Guys, we just replaced that!
OK.
- This is personal.
- This is, too.
Quit it, you assholes!
Wynonna's possessed,
and we don't have time
for you two to go all UFC on each other!
What's the situation?
Huh.
Well frankly, Lucado,
the situation is balls.
See? That's a match.
Well, since we know
practically nothing, perhaps
we should get them talking.
Speaking of subtlety...
I know they are firefighters,
but this seems like an excess of axes.
Too many of us have met our ends here.
- How dare they!
- You folks here for a tour?
People usually bring their kids.
Oh, we're kids at heart.
Captain Ewan Allenbach. What
do you think of our house?
We were just admiring
the symbol out front.
Oh, yeah. Um, if you're interested,
we're always looking for new volunteers.
Oh, by the looks of it, y'all
do too many sit-ups for my taste.
Name is Wynonna Earp.
Mean anything to you?
I've seen a few Westerns, yeah.
Horrible deeds have been committed here.
I mean, hate to take
offence, but generally
speaking, our goal is to save lives.
Which lives?
Hm. Ah... a little
history about the place.
It was built on the
site of an old church,
so the ground is consecrated.
They say that those who walk
in sin can have a bit of a reaction.
Have you done bad things?
The sister's been a little sick.
I think Miss Earp is coming
down with something too.
Uh, well we got a medic on site.
I'm sure we could take care
of whatever's bothering her.
Oh, we'll leave it be.
You know, tree, cats,
won't rescue themselves!
Juan Carlo isn't gonna like this.
Let's get you straight home to bed!
I just need a minute...
and some water. Do I have any water?
Got some water right here.
A steak knife?
You saw how aggressive he was.
And, uh...
Peacemaker?
That's what I thought!
Wynonna Earp never leaves
the house without that gun,
and she drinks her coffee black.
- Couldn't have called ahead?
- I thought you were in bed!
Besides...
you love surprises!
Oh, my! I never should
have touched that goo!
- I'm so sorry, Wynonna!
- Hell fire
shall quicken against your
flesh and devour your soul,
dragging you into its
everlasting depths!
Come on!
I said I was sorry!
- So your hand was severed.
- Yeah, but it grew back.
It grew it back like an evil starfish.
And now it's in Wynonna and
controls everything that she is.
With killer instincts and a magical gun.
A gun she cannot touch.
Not while the demon abides.
Well, Black Badge must be
able to do something, right?
- We could call HQ? Moody?
- I'm still on their
Do Not Resuscitate list.
OK, BBD is not returning my calls.
They never received the briefcase.
So since then it's been radio
silence. Thanks for that.
- Well, we need to do something.
- It would be helpful
if we could get a
sample of the substance
- that Waverly originally touched.
- The tentacle goo?
It was at the arch. Where Willa died.
Doc?
Well, we could take my new car.
It's got a cassette player!
Hey, and I hope I don't
need to stress this,
but don't touch the goo.
Oh, I don't even take free samples
at the grocery store anymore.
Any residue will be long gone.
- It'll keep them occupied.
- Yeah, this is
a bit too familiar, even for Purgatory.
The report said it was
defeated in Budapest.
Yeah, and the office
went dark two weeks later.
- That night in Kabul.
- It's been tracking me ever since.
I remember seeing it last year
during an exorcism.
In an obsidian mirror.
You can't even say its name.
Mikshun.
There's never been
- a successful unbinding.
- Under the right circumstances,
it could spread through
an entire population.
- Well we need to prove it.
- That means blood, tissue
bone.
She hates me anyways.
We both know it has to be me.
You finally met Wynonna Earp.
She is infected.
The final one under Mikshun's influence.
The Heir could be an ally.
Ally? I have neither the patience
nor the time to babysit the latest Earp.
She has people who care about her, Ewan.
- Could be they find a way.
- And give the demon
a chance to multiply? Again?
I have lost two men this month,
and the rest of us...
are exhausted.
No one promised light work.
OK.
An insignia seal has been exposed.
Broken. Would you happen
to know anything about that?
We all have a role to play.
The Heir and her position
should not be taken lightly.
The Order appreciates
your guidance, Juan Carlo.
We always have...
but they follow my word.
We end it tonight.
Playing the good cop, Xavier?
Predictable.
We gonna talk, demon to demon?
'Cause I got places I gotta be.
How about you vacate her body
and then, maybe, I might call you a cab?
And lose this sweet ride?
Have you seen
these curves up close? Hm?
Oh, wait.
You haven't.
Not yet.
But you know,
that can be arranged.
For a price.
You're not her.
I'll be anything you want me to be.
How 'bout quiet?
- You don't have the stones.
- I don't have a choice.
What... you wouldn't!
You wouldn't mutilate her,
your darling Wynonna...
- Waverly regenerated.
- Hm, she was special that way.
That trick won't work on your girl.
You're lying.
Please. Dolls, please.
There's another way. There
has to be another way.
You can find it. Please.
Dolls! Do it.
I'm sorry.
Ah!
Did she cry?
- I bet she cried.
- Just make this worthwhile.
If you really want what's best
for her, we bring her into HQ.
So they can dissect her? Not a chance.
I doubt there's a
happily-ever-after here.
OK? Dolls, be smart. We deliver Wynonna
to Black Badge, we are
both finally in the clear.
Otherwise? We're done.
She stays here until this is over.
One way or another.
I got you the sample.
Now analyze it.
Do you think demon goo leeches
into soil or evaporates?
Oh, chemistry is not my department.
Is that why you hired hottie mixologist?
Oh, you think she's hot?
You expecting a friend?
Oh, for the love of Pete.
This is the gentleman
who gave Dolls a lift back to town.
- Probably saved his life.
- I did nothing so heroic.
I'm quite unable.
Seems a waste of precious
time, the two of you out here.
And how we spend our time
matters to you because...
No demon residue left here to
find. The Order took care of that.
Sorry, who are they? And do
you think they might share?
Holliday met them this morning.
The muscled-up firefighters.
What do they want
- with demon goo?
- They're a danger
- to one of yours.
- Wynonna.
- Mortal danger.
- Wait, so what do we do?
Give them something that they want more.
He disappeared.
Yeah. He does that.
It's infuriating.
Now what do we have
that the Order might want?
Got it.
There's like nine
different plants you can use
to unbind a demon from the host.
What do you got, Lucado?
- Do you hear that?
- Hear what?
It's whispering.
No... singing?
Back away now.
Black Badge won't have me.
I don't wanna be alone.
Jeannie, don't. Jeannie.
Lucado!
Home.
We are legion once more.
Hey. OK.
Look, we're gonna take a walk
- over to the holding cell, OK?
- Yes, we are. To free my other.
Dolls... get back.
Don't let it touch you.
Oh, Dolls!
You did it!
Of course not! Whoa, no, no.
Of course not. She... touched
the goo, and it turns out
- she wasn't as resilient as you.
- Or it's getting stronger.
Mikshun. Its name is Mikshun.
Like that time I put a can
of pasta in the microwave.
Doc! She was a human being.
Wait. Where did she get some goo?
Come.
OK, so I found this compound
that shocks the nervous system,
right? It makes the demon
think it's in a dying body,
and then it abandons it.
But then what? I mean,
Wynonna won't be able to
fire Peacemaker to kill it.
Well, between my
revolvers and his pistol
- we can slow it down, though.
- Did you see
the tentacle last time? I
mean, no offence to your pistol,
- but it won't leave a scratch!
- Waverly...
just look around you, OK?
We gotta get this thing out of Wynonna.
Fast.
How we doin' on ingredients?
Well, um, we got...
sage brush,
sandalwood,
and tamarisk. We got all the
stuff, just need a container.
Well, say no more.
Might need a rinse.
Had a chance
to regroup with your ginger pop tart?
I might've caused some trouble.
We're running out of time.
She's a boring cop.
You...
are not boring.
I don't wanna ruin the surprise...
but you've got dark corners
that you haven't explored yet.
I'm not enough to save you, Wynonna.
OK, are we having a moment?
Hey.
But you're enough to save me.
Huh? No, if you're gonna sob,
you're gonna have to sob louder.
- I trust you.
- What?
Ow!
There is only one way
to make it stop and you
know what it is, Mikshun!
Oh! Ah!
Waverly Earp, you crafty fox!
Mm. I'm flattered.
Now we'll always be together.
We heard screams.
- Storm's coming.
- Stop her. Stop her!
We need to get to the homestead.
I know its plan. It's gonna
build an army, starting with
Waverly. She took it back.
- On purpose.
- Why would Waverly do that?
Because I have Peacemaker...
and I'm gonna save her.
It's Mikshun!
We're looking for the
Heir. That's just some girl.
That girl has the demon inside her,
which will spread like a
virus if we don't destroy it.
Oh, right.
You.
History books will have
no mention of our names
or our deeds.
We've lost too many
brothers in this fight...
but there is no higher
calling than protection,
and there is no greater
service than preservation.
Tonight, we will
eliminate one more threat.
One more demon.
Tonight, we will sacrifice one...
for the good of the many.
For the good of the many.
For the good of the many!
Look, I know you need
space and I really tried
to stay away, but I got worried,
and there's signs of
struggle in the house,
and Waverly, what the
hell is this... thing?
- Stop! Stop!
- What!?
Are you kidding?
There is a thunder-snow storm coming.
This thing is gonna attract
lightning like crazy.
The whole barn could go up in flames!
- Empty your bottles, boys.
- She touches that thing
in the barn during a
lightning strike, the
demon will be fused
with her body forever.
Not another step, Mikshun.
Out of my way, Renaissance fair.
Baby!
Baby, what is it?
- In the shadow of eternal life.
- Holy water?
- She's not a vampire!
- The ground is now consecrated.
You will not get through.
It's Wynonna! She's possessed!
Like, demon took over
her body, planning to kill
- us all, possessed.
- Did she hurt you?
Yeah.
- Wynonna... not like this.
- I will shoot
every beak-billed, leg
day-loving last one of you.
Where is she?
- On the homestead?
- Yeah.
Hey! Listen, we all wanna send
this Mikshun back to Hell, right?
We got the emollient that works.
All you gotta do is
just... let us through.
This one's possessed,
as is the one in the barn,
and tonight, they'll both die.
The hell we will!
I've got you now, OK?
I swear, I've got you.
I don't have time for your
weekend survivalist militia.
If I was possessed, could I do this?
Ah!
I'm gonna say no.
Now move.
We've never been so close to the
complete eradication of Mikshun,
and we are not taking any
more chances. So your sister
will be, unfortunately,
collateral damage.
Don't ever say "collateral damage"
when you're talking about my sister.
Hold up.
- What the hell is he doing?
- Don't you trust him?
Always.
Everybody just stay calm,
all right? Stay calm.
We have something they want.
Let us through...
and it's yours.
Only the Heir. You have 15 minutes.
After that, your
sister's head will roll.
You've made an enemy this Friday.
It's Tuesday.
Good to know.
Step away from the lightning rod.
Stand back, Wynonna.
Waverly told me everything.
You come forward, and I'm... I'll shoot.
Haught, settle down.
The demon jumped into Waverly.
- She needs to drink this. Now.
- Don't trust her.
Yeah. Flask, demon did its homework.
Nicole! You are not my sister's keeper.
- That's the demon talking.
- No. It's me.
Listen, I'll admit,
you're... a little "queen
brisk of bossy town"
for my taste, but I know
that you love her and
you know I love her too,
and now that thing
is trying to keep her.
Shoot her. It's the only way.
Waverly Earp would never
say something like that.
- Never.
- Ugh.
- You're weak.
- Oh Waverly, let her help you.
Waverly, honey. Babe.
I know you're in there.
I know you can hear me.
Look what you did to the woman you love.
Oh...
storm's upon us.
- It's time.
- You've held off
this tentacle shit head
for weeks. Just give it
one more push. Drink it.
- Fight it.
- It... it...
it won't... won't let me.
- Waverly...
- Wynonna!
Remember when you made me drink grape
soda 'til it came out of my nose?
Yeah!
Open your mouth! Open it!
OK!
Drink!
Drink it! Come on!
Swallow! OK!
Oh!
Mikshun...
I'd say make your peace...
but I hope you never find any.
It is done.
We're just gonna take your word for it.
Oh, Waverly. Get up. Sh.
Whoa.
That was so New Year's 2012.
I can't believe I
ordered you to shoot her.
I almost did it, too.
I would shoot anybody for you.
That's really sweet.
Come on.
- Let's get her in the house.
- Thank you for saving our girl.
That thing took Willa.
Wasn't letting it get Waverly.
I knew you'd rescue me.
All I did was bring a flask.
It's...
it's just standard Earp
operating procedure.
Yeah.
You said some nasty things.
Well, that was the demon talking.
I don't believe all of it.
Wait, what do you mean, "all of it"?
Oh, Jeremy!
Jeeze. Back so soon, huh?
Yes. Uh, were you using the
industrial cleaners in here?
'Cause that is gonna trigger
my eczema something awful.
Hey. Look, man. I gotta tell
you something, all right?
- No, me first.
- Lucado is dead.
Huh.
Well, we gotta formulate a strategy
- on how to approach HQ, so...
- No, no. OK, about that.
The place was, um...
empty when I got there.
Excuse me?
Dolls... all of Black Badge is gone.
If you're expecting me
to say I'm sorry, I
was just doing my job.
What exactly
- is your job, Ewan?
- Protecting the innocent.
- Control the Triangle.
- The Ghost River Triangle?
Where the hell have you guys been?
Heh. Yeah,
well, it used to be a lot clearer.
We've lost a lot of good
men ever since your sister
crossed the boundary. Opened
the gateway to the Sanctuary.
So just so there's no
more misunderstandings,
that was my other sister.
The rightful Heir.
Shot her myself...
to make sure it was over.
It's not.
So...
The Order, eh?
A colleague of mine
suggested we could be allies.
I have enough friends.
Well, that's perfect then, 'cause
I wasn't asking to be friends.
Just take care of my briefcase...
for now.
I thought you were staying at Nicole's?
Yeah. No. I, uh...
I needed to pick something up in town.
Wynonna, um...
when the demon jumped back into me,
it was different. It told me things...
- about you.
- So what,
now you know all my secrets?
I'm not sure even you know this one yet.
You OK in there?
You know, I'm here for you...
now and forever.
Wynonna?
What exactly did Mikshun tell you?
Um, it...
said your body
wasn't an ideal fit.
It was too crowded.
Wynonna, you're not alone.
You can say that again.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org